= Robut

The friendly plugin-enabled HipChat bot.

This is a fork of https://github.com/justinweiss/robut -- the plan is to
add a few of https://github.com/jschauma/jbot's capabilities.

For details about usage and the base plugins, please see Justin's original
page: https://github.com/justinweiss/robut

== Changes in this fork

I took the liberty of making a few minor changes in this fork.  Most
notably, this bot responds to commands preceded by a question point
rather than by addressing the bot via the @-notation.

That is, in this bot, you'd use

  ?help

rather than

  @botname help

== Changes in default plugins

[Robut::Plugin::Calc] a simple calculator

Same idea as in the original, different implementation.  In particular,
this plugin shells out to bc(1), which allows it to perform a few more
complex calculations (ie pretty much anything you can do with bc(1)).

  ?calc 1+1                    # => 2
  ?calc ibase=2; 1001010101    # => 597
  ?calc obase=16; 1024+123456  # => 1E640
  ?calc sqrt(99)               # => 9.94987437106619954734
  ?calc 4*a(1)                 # => 3.14159265358979323844

[Robut::Plugin::GoogleImages] does a google image search for a query

Instead of returning the first image, this invocation returns randomly one
of the first 10 images.


== Additional plugins provided in this fork

[Robut::Plugin::Eliza] your friendly neighborhood therapist

A few Eliza- and other snarky comments to allow for moderately
entertaining dialog with the bot.


[Robut::Plugin::Insult] don't mess with the bot

Generate an insult for somebody or something.

  ?insult bob

[Robut::Plugin::Klout] your mom's got klout

Retrieve a given user's Klout score and areas of expertise.

  ?klout jbot

[Robut::Plugin::Schneier] Oehpr Fpuarvre rkcrpgf gur Fcnavfu Vadhvfvgvba.

Quip a random fact about Bruce Schneier when appropriate.

[Robut::Plugin::Shakespear] A plugin by any other name...

Generate a shakespearean insult when appropriate.

[Robut::Plugin::Stock] How much you got?

Get the latest stock quote:

   ?stock yhoo

[Robut::Plugin::Trivia] Everybody knows something.

Retrieve a useful snippet of information.

  ?trivia

[Robut::Plugin::Twitter] Chirp chirp.

Get twitter messages:

   ?twitter jschauma

[Robut::Plugin::Wikipedia] Wiki wiki.

Get a brief wikipedia definition

  ?wiki cow and chicken
